Don't touch me! Screw you!
Are you dying of laughter?
I don't even know your mother anymore.
I fought with you today
I won't live today.
If you don't live, how did you become a white paper?
What about money?
What nonsense?
What's going on?
Oops, even my mother is fake
How could this bride price be this?
Is that true?
It's just that you've been trying to break up me and Yondo
I was protected
That's how it feels
Come with me out in the wilderness
When you dare to hit me
Brother, I didn't mean that.
shut up
In fact, this matter has been found out about the murder
We city people bullied rural old women
I don't care.
Yuan Kai will make it clear to me today.
Who is he?
Who is it?
She's my mom.
He's my mother.
God
Yancheng West has changed from joining the wealthy to joining the Hanmen
Tangtang Yancheng West was actually cheated into marriage
See how crazy he will be in the future?
You little bitch, how dare you hit my son?
Hit you you hit my son
Yuan Kai is just the beginning
I will make you pay step by step